CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Insight

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! 🎉

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to Insight. These are mostly guidelines, not rules. Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by our Code of Conduct. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

## How Can I Contribute?

### Reporting Bugs

- **Ensure the bug was not already reported** by searching on GitHub under [Issues](https://github.com/your-org/insight/issues).
- If you're unable to find an open issue addressing the problem, open a new one. Be sure to include a **title and clear description**, as much relevant information as possible, and a **code sample** or an **executable test case** demonstrating the expected behavior that is not occurring.

### Suggesting Enhancements

- Open a new issue with a clear title and detailed description.
- Explain why this enhancement would be useful to most users.

### Pull Requests

- Fill in the required template
- Do not include issue numbers in the PR title
- Include screenshots and animated GIFs in your pull request whenever possible.
- Follow the style guides.

## Styleguides

### Git Commit Messages

- Use the present tense ("Add feature" not "Added feature")
- Use the imperative mood ("Move cursor to..." not "Moves cursor to...")
- Limit the first line to 72 characters or less
- Reference issues and pull requests liberally after the first line

### JavaScript / TypeScript Styleguide

- All JavaScript must adhere to [Prettier](https://prettier.io) standard.
- Run `npm run lint` before committing to ensure no linting errors.

## Development Setup

1.  Run `npm install` to install dependencies.
2.  Run `npm run dev` to start the local development server.
3.  Ensure all tests pass using `npm test`.

Commit message:

feat: prepare for production release
- Optimize documentation structure and content
- Add production checklist
- Fix build errors in observability
- Enhance middleware security with HSTS
- Update env example with production vars
- Clean up redundant docs

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Insight

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! 🎉

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to Insight. These are mostly guidelines, not rules. Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by our Code of Conduct. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

## How Can I Contribute?

### Reporting Bugs

- **Ensure the bug was not already reported** by searching on GitHub under [Issues](https://github.com/your-org/insight/issues).
- If you're unable to find an open issue addressing the problem, open a new one. Be sure to include a **title and clear description**, as much relevant information as possible, and a **code sample** or an **executable test case** demonstrating the expected behavior that is not occurring.

### Suggesting Enhancements

- Open a new issue with a clear title and detailed description.
- Explain why this enhancement would be useful to most users.

### Pull Requests

- Fill in the required template
- Do not include issue numbers in the PR title
- Include screenshots and animated GIFs in your pull request whenever possible.
- Follow the style guides.

## Styleguides

### Git Commit Messages

- Use the present tense ("Add feature" not "Added feature")
- Use the imperative mood ("Move cursor to..." not "Moves cursor to...")
- Limit the first line to 72 characters or less
- Reference issues and pull requests liberally after the first line

### JavaScript / TypeScript Styleguide

- All JavaScript must adhere to [Prettier](https://prettier.io) standard.
- Run `npm run lint` before committing to ensure no linting errors.

## Development Setup

For a detailed guide on setting up your development environment and understanding the project structure, please refer to the [Development Guide](docs/DEVELOPMENT_GUIDE.md).

1.  Run `npm install` to install dependencies.
2.  Run `npm run dev` to start the local development server.
3.  Ensure all tests pass using `npm test`.
